---
layout: post
title:  Why 256 words? (draft)
tags: opinions
author: kyu
---
On internet, amount of content produced far exceed any one person’s capacity to digest information. Having access to 
vast amount of information is a blessing. We can learn about, or be informed on just about any topic you can imagine.

However, we can only consume tiny fraction of the available information over our lifetime. As a programmer, I became 
aware that this is an optimization problem.

> How can I find the most valuable information that will help me achieve my goals, with minimal time spent on searching?

I became frustrated while trying to solve the problem. Majority of the websites and tools were optimized to 
grab our attention, inject ideas to our thoughts, for their own monetary gain or political agenda. There 
are many places where this isn't the primary objective, but the former outweighs by a big margin.

As a maker, I've decided to build something for myself.

A collection of high quality summaries in 256 words on facts, teachings, insights, ideas, or experiences. Accompanied by 
pointers to various credible sources with more in depth information.

Without having to re-read 10 page article about a topic,
I can remind myself about the core idea or important facts. If I need more details, simply follow the links and get 
more detailed information.

I'll be collecting these summaries and pointers, to use them as my high quality knowledge repository. I could easily search
this database of high quality information, without spending precious time searching for a particular information.

Also, hoping that this collection can be useful to others as well.