---
layout: post
title:  Why 256 words?
tags: opinions
author: kyu
---
On the internet, the amount of information produced far exceeds a person’s capacity to retain. Access to such a vast amount of information is a blessing. We can learn about nearly any topic imaginable.

However, we can only consume a tiny fraction of the available information over our lifetime. As a programmer, I became aware that this is an optimization problem.

> How can I find the most valuable information that will help me achieve my goals, with minimal time spent searching?

I became frustrated trying to solve this problem. A majority of websites and tools are optimized to grab our attention and shape our thoughts, all for their own monetary gain or political agenda. There are many places where this isn’t the primary goal, but the former outweighs the latter by a large margin.

After searching and experimenting with existing websites and tools, I gave up. Not satisfied with what’s existing, I’ve decided to build something for myself.

A collection of high-quality summaries in 256 words on facts, teachings, insights, ideas, or experiences. They’re accompanied by links to credible sources providing more in-depth information.

Without having to re-read 10-page articles about a topic, I can remind myself about the core idea or important facts. If I need more details, I can follow the links to find more detailed information.

I’ll be collecting these summaries and pointers to use as my high-quality knowledge repository. This database will ease the search for high-quality information by reducing the time it often takes to find what we’re looking for online. 